Christmas Day is one of the most favorite American 
holidays It is celebrated on December 25. Christmas is a Christian holiday 
marking the birth of the Christ Child. Decorating houses and yards with lights, putting up Christmas trees, 
giving gifts, and sending greeting cards have become traditions even for many non-Christian Americans "here also a 
tradition to place a decorated Christmas tree in the White House, the official home in Washington D.C. of the President 
of the USA.

The tradition of placing a decorated tree in the White House began in 1889 on Christmas morning during 
the Presidency of Benjamin Harrison. The President’s grandchildren young Benjamin and Mary McKee, led the 
Harrison household into the second floor Oval Room to take a look at the first White House Christmas tree. 
It was lit with candles. Filled stockings hung from the mantel. Presents, candy and nuts were distributed 
to family and staff. President Harrison gave 
turkeys and gloves to his employees. He received a silver-dollar-shaped picture holder 
from his daughter, Mame Harrison McKee.

The National Council on Disability (NCD) released a report documenting trends in academic 
achievement of students with disabilities, as a result of the implementation of No Child Left Behind Act 
(NCLB) and the Individual with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). The National Council on Disability is 
an independent federal agency making recommendations to the President and Congress to enhance the quality 
of life for all Americans with disabilities and their families. It is composed of 15 members appointed by the 
President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. The study was conducted by the Educational Policy Institute and 
the American Youth Policy Forum under contract to NCD. The report is based on the collection and analysis of 
NAEP and IDEA data regarding student academic achievement; 
interviews of state administrators and representatives about trends and issues related to NCLB and IDEA.

Ukrainian music has a long history. Folk traditions have preserved to this day original songs, lyrical, 
humorous, and patriotic and others. «Kobza», «bandura», «sopilka» are among most famous national musical instruments. 
«Kobza» is a unique musical instrument. The one who plays it is called «kobzar». One of the most famous kobzars was 
Hnat Honcharenko. Blind from childhood, he learned to play kobza at 20—22 and wandered singing and playing dumas, 
psalms, and humorous songs and teaching other kobzars. He spent the last part of his life mostly in Sevastopol. 
In 1908 Lesia Ukrainka took Honcharenko to Yalta and, with her husband K.Kvitka recorded his dumas. Speaking about 
Ukrainian composers, we must mention I. Stravinsky and S. Prokofiev, who were born in Ukraine. M. Lysenko, a pianist, 
composer, conductor and folklorist was an important figure of 
the Ukrainian musical renaissance. Among his operas there are the well-known «Taras Bulba» and «Natalka Poltavka».

In Ukraine the oldest surviving paintings are frescoes found on the northern Black Sea coast. 
Famous frescoes of St. Sophia Cathedral in Kiev and of the Armenian Cathedral in Lvov are one of the 
oldest and attract many tourists from Ukraine and abroad. After the Academy of Arts in St. Petersburg was 
established, many talented painters moved to Russia. This emigration deprived Ukrainian painting of its most 
creative talents. But there were several exceptions that devoted most of their painting to Ukrainian interests. 
Among such painters was T. Shevchenko, who is considered the father of modern Ukrainian painting. One more famous 
representative of the Ukrainian art was Ilia Repin. He was an outstanding painter, full member of the St. Petersburg 
Academy of Arts. Many of his works show Ukraine, its people and its history. Among them there are the most famous painting 
"The Zhaporozhian Cossacks Write a Letter to the Turkish Sultan", "Evening Party", "Haidamakys", "Cossack in the Steppe", 
and "Hopak". He also painted many portraits of Russian and Ukrainian cultural figures. Among them 
were M. Kostomarov, I. Kramskoi, T. Shevchenko and others.

The history of Ukrainian theatre also goes back to the ancient times. 
We may find their traces in pre-Christian traditions and rituals. They 
are evident even today in the summer Kupalo festival, the winter carols and above 
all in the ceremony of the Ukrainian wedding. The further development of Ukrainian theatre 
was influenced by European medieval theatre traditions. The first Ukrainian language plays of I. 
Kotliarevsky and H. Kvitka-Osnovianenko were staged by Poltava Free Theatre in 1819. Many Ukrainian landlords organized 
serf theatres at their estates. In their theatres Ukrainian plays were performed. In Russian-ruled Ukraine many amateur 
and touring theatre groups were active. The leaders in organizing them were M. Starytsky and I. Karpenko-Kary. The first 
professional Ukrainian theatre was a touring troupe in Austrian-ruled Galicia and Bukovina. It was directed by O. Bachynsky. 
The times of the Soviet rule were not easy for Ukrainian theatre. Over the past few years the Ukrainian 
theatre is on the wave of national revival. 
Many youth theatres, musical comedies and theatre stars have appeared.
Over the centuries Ukrainian people have developed their own arts of music, theatre, and painting. Some Ukrainian artists and 
their masterpieces are famous not only in Ukraine but also all over the world.

There are a lot of books on history, about animals, travellers, children, school and so on. 
Children like to read adventure and magic books, science fiction and detective stories. They enjoy stories, 
short stories, novels, fairy-tales, fables and poems.

We must keep books clean and tidy. We must not spoil them
I am fond of reading, too. I like to read fairytales. My favourite book is «Mary Poppins» The author of the book is Pamela Travers. 
She is a famous English writer. The book tells us about wonderful adventures of children with_their magic nurse Mary_Poppins mzmz vvvvvvvvvvvvv